[terra-date-input-field] error message and focus indicator updates (#1975)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added

>   * Added screen reader support to associate with error message.

Reviewer: Change this entry to relevant 
```suggestion
  * Updated `date-input` examples to allow screen reader response for error message.
```

Author: Updated.
